[NARRATOR] Last time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai...
[CELL] And not
a scratch on my ring.
[KING] Long ago, a young
man stepped forward and
delivered us from the terror
of the evil King Piccolo.
[KING] Maybe that hero will
save us one more time.
All we have now... is hope.
If that s all we ve got...
I m sorry...
We don t have much.
♪ OPENING SONG ♪
[GOKU] Let s see...
Where s ol King Kai...?
[KING KAI SNORING]
(ha!) Yeah, of course
he s asleep!
[GOKU] Bubbles-- long time,
no see! How s it hanging?
[GOKU] Oh, me? I m just
trying to save the world.
Hey, King Kai...
Uh... could you maybe
wake up for a sec...?
C mon... We need to talk.
Who the heck are...?
[KING KAI]
Ohhhh... Goku...!
I m liking the
Super Saiyan hairdo,
I must admit.
What brings you
round these parts?
Huh... Look at you...
Taking it easy...
While you re working
on your tan, I m trying
to find a way to save
the world here!
[KING KAI]
Huh?!
[KING KAI] Hmm...
I see. That s quite a story...
This Cell creature...
he certainly sounds horrible...
You ve got your work cut
out for you, that s for sure.
No offense, Goku,
but it seems like you re
always caught in the
middle whenever Earth s
about to go kaput.
Yeah...
Anyway... listen,
I was thinking of finding
a Namekian to come take
over as our new Guardian...
That way, we d at least
have the Dragon Balls
before the fighting started!
Oh...! Yes, yes...
And if you could
point me in the
direction of
their new planet
that sure would help
speed things up, you know!
All right, then...
I'll give it a shot.
[KING KAI BEGINS TO GRUNT]
[BUBBLES MAKES
EXCITED MONKEY NOISES]
I really hope
one of em will come...
Mr. Popo s been really
lonely ever since Kami
merged with Piccolo...
so sad.
I mean...
who wouldn t be...?!
Up at the Lookout,
all by himself,
with nobody to talk to?
[GOKU] I feel bad for the guy--
and the internet connection...!
Put a sock in it...!
I m try-ing... to concentrate!
[GOKU WITH A
HIGH-PITCH VOICE] Sorry!
Ahhhhhhhh!
I swallowed a bug.
[BUG LAUGHS]
C mon--
quit messing around!
[KING KAI LAUGHS]
Sorry bout that.
Ohhhh...!!
I found them! I m not even
kidding this time!
They re that-a-way!
Thanks a lot!
All right...! This way, huh?
Kay...! Now that I know
which direction to look,
maybe I ll be able to
sense them on my own.
Ah, you re using
Instant Transmission, I see...
That s a pretty nifty trick.
[KING KAI] Who taught you
that move, anyhow?
Wait, don t tell me-- it
was the Yardratians, right...
Huh? Huh?
Was it...?
Cause that technique
is a Yardratian specialty!
So, what cha think...? Huh?
It s pretty handy, isn t it?!
How m I supposed
to concentrate?!
[KING KAI LAUGHS]
That s for before.
There they are...! Jackpot...!
That energy is Namekian,
no doubt about it...
Thanks for the help,
King Kai! See ya!
What in the world...?
Wow... It s a whole
pack of Piccolos!
[NAMEKIAN 86E]
Grand Elder, be careful...!
So... stranger...
who are you?
Oh... Hi there... Sorry
to barge in like this...
My name s Goku
and I m from Earth.
Ah...! You re the heroic
Goku who battled
Frieza on Namek...
and saved our people
from almost certain destruction!
[GOKU LET'S OUT A NERVOUS LAUGH]
Yeah, sorry I couldn t
save your planet
while I was at it!
It would appear that
your planet is the one
in grave danger now, Goku.
What the? You guys already
know about Cell and the
trouble he s causing?!
No, not specifically...
We ve sensed an evil
presence emanating
from the direction
of your world,
but we don t know
the particulars.
[GOKU] I ll cut right to
the chase, then...
I m looking for a
Namekian to step up
and become our
new Guardian.
See, only the Guardian can
restore Earth s Dragon Balls...
and we need em so we
can make a wish to
undo all the damage
Cell has caused.
So yeah...!
If anyone wants to volunteer,
you d be doing us
Earthlings a really huge favor.
I think not.
Leave... for Earth...?
Very well...
If that s what you need,
I know one Namekian
perfectly suited to the job.
Yeah? Really?!
Say... Dende!
Come on over here, my boy.
Me...? Okay!
Meet Dende...
He is a good friend
of your son, Gohan...
and he enjoyed Krillin s
company greatly, as well.
Ah, hi!
He s been talking about
Earth every day since we left...
He often says he misses
his human friends,
and would love to
play with Gohan again.
That s great and all...
but see... we need someone
who can make Dragon Balls.
And he will...
Don t let his youth
or diminutive size
cause you concern.
Dende will make
you a first-rate Guardian.
Well then...! In that case...
Dende... you re hired.
Uh, hi...!
Nice to meet you!
Okay! Then let s
head back to Earth!
Huh...? Now?!
[GOKU CHUCKLES]
Thanks a lot...
We ll be sure to take
really good care of Dende--
don t you worry about a thing.
So long, everyone!
[NAMEKIAN 86-G]
Bye, Dende.
We re counting
on you, son... Farewell.
And Goku...
know that we ll
all be rooting for you here.
Well, thanks again.
Mission accomplished...!
I found the Namekians,
and this little guy is
gonna be our new Guardian...!
Well, gotta go!
Hey...! Check out who
the Namekians chose
to send back with me!
Dende?!
This boy...
he is our new Guardian?
Yup.
Wait...! Does Dende even know
the first thing about the job?
He ll do fine...!
You wait here, okay?
I m gonna see if I can go
grab Krillin and Gohan for you.
[HOST] People of the world,
I have terrific news!
The grand-master
of alllll combat
has decided to take part
in the Cell Games martial
arts tournament
and save humanity
from otherwise certain doom!
[CROWDS CHEERING]
Greet your champion!
Here's Mr. Hurcuuuuuuuuuuule!
[CROWD CHANTS "HERCULE
HERCULE HERCULE"]
Yeah!!!
Hey, who s the musclehead?
The so-called greatest
fighter on Earth.
What do you think, Champ...?
You ready for this...?
Your opponent, Cell,
is strong enough to
have taken out the whole
Royal Army in a single shot!
Don t tell me
you fell for that...!
He set pyrotechnics
ahead of time, that s all!
Nothing but light
shows and tricks, folks!
Cell s just a chump whose
fighting chops are
as green as his skin!
I m gonna mop up the floor
with that freaky faker,
and that s a
Mr. Hercule guarantee!
[CROWD CHEERS]
Yeaaah...! Let s do this fight!
All the people on the left
all the people on the right
That guy really
is stupid, isn t he...
Well if it isn t Goku...!
It s about time
you got here, mister!
Where the heck
did you zip off to?!
[GOKU] Hold that
thought, Chichi...!
Krillin, Gohan--
can I borrow you guys?
[GOKU] I brought our new
Guardian back to the Lookout...
You know Dende, right?
[GOKU] The little Namekian?
[GOHAN] Dende? Really?!
Gohan! Krillin...! Hey, guys!
It s really you! Awesome!
It s really been forever...!
So good to see you... Honest!
[GOHAN] Hey... so is it true
you re gonna be
our new Guardian?
[DENDE]
Yes, sir!
That ll be great...!
I mean... you have always
shown a lotta potential.
Now we can see
each other every day!
[PICCOLO]
Enough giggling.
Be honest Dende...
can you really recreate
the Dragon Balls?
Stop stressing him out...
The old Namekian guy
I seemed pretty certain
that Dende would be perfect
for this kind of thing.
Old guy?
Oh... I think he
means the Grand Elder.
Yeah!. Him...!
The Grand Elder --
that was it!
And if he gave
you the a-okay...
then that s enough for me.
I m pretty sure I can
have the new Dragon Balls
completed in a hundred days.
A hundred...?!
Wow...
We really don t
have that kind of time!
I got it...!
If the old
Dragon Balls still exist,
then all I need is a model
of the Earth Dragon Shenron...
and I can have them
working again right away!
No kidding?
Earth s Dragon Balls
have turned to stone,
and are currently
scattered across the planet.
Have no fear...
I once sculpted a
model of the dragon.
[KRILLIN] All right...!
This ll be a piece of cake!
[GOHAN] Yeah!
[KRILLIN]
Hey... Dende...
Can you make it so they
have they power
to grant three wishes,
like the ones on Namek?
Sure.
While you re at it, Dende...
Can you work on something
where a single wish
is able to bring back
more than one person at a time?
For instance,
Restore all the people
who were absorbed by Cell.
Yes... It s nothing
the Dragon Balls
can t be made to do
as long as I know
about it going
into the process...
but the total number of wishes
is going to drop down to two.
Huh...? That s really
the only down-side?
Uh-huh.
Very good...
See if you can make em do that.
I ll do my best!
So... all I need
now is that model...
[PICCOLO] Ok. Let s see what
you ve got, Mr. Popo.
Right.
Here. I carved it from memory.
[DENDE] Wow... It looks so
different from ours...!
All right. I m ready.
[GOHAN]
Best of luck, Dende!
[KRILLIN]
Nice and easy...!
Okay!
[DENDE] Tottoratto...
popporunga...
pooral pompo... pittenpalo...
Pupa popo... tottenpeppo...
puppipalo poppon pappa...
Parapul pepo!
[DENDE] If everything
went as planned,
the Dragon Balls
should be working again.
Huh? Already?!
No way!
[PICCOLO THINKS]
Nicely done...
The Grand Elder seems to
have been right about him.
Okay... In that case,
I ll go get Bulma to lend me
the Dragon Radar
and start tracking em down.
Oh yeah, Good idea.
Thanks...! Son...
I think you ve
trained hard enough.
Why not stay here
and play with Dende
until it s time
for the tournament?
But... Dad... don t I--?
Hey, we ll be fine...
Try not to worry so much.
[TRUNKS] Goku...
can I ask you something?
What s up?
How can you still be so calm...?
Does Cell have some kind
of hidden weakness that you re
just not telling us about...?
Is that it?
Nope... As far as I can
tell, he s invincible.
Well... I ll see you later.
Gohan... has your dad
told you anything?
I don t understand,
he keeps saying that
Cell is stronger than he is
and that he doesn t know
if he can win... So then...
why is he so relaxed?
He hasn t told me anything
more than what you guys know...
Cept... he says I should
look forward to it.
Seriously?
I dunno... if he s telling you
to look forward to it,
then he must have some
kinda plan that he s
waiting to show off.
Or, he s already
accepted defeat.
[GROUP SIGHS]
Oh, hey Goku!
The workmanship on this android
you brought us is top-notch!
That Dr. Gero might have
been an evil, crazy fiend...
but the guy sure knew his stuff.
Oh... Well, anyway Bulma,
would you mind if I
borrowed your Dragon Radar...?
I tracked down the Namekians
and brought us back
a brand new Guardian.
That s great...!
Go ahead... It should be in
that drawer right behind you.
Perfect.
Yeah... Still works just fine.
Cool. See ya!
Wait a sec!
Aw, darn it...
I was hoping to ask him
a little bit more about
grown-up Trunks...
(heh) Maybe next time.
Check it out...!
It s a Dragon Ball alright,
it looks good as new!
[ELEPHANT TRUMPETS]
[ELEPHANT TRUMPETS
AND GROUND RUMBLES]
[GOKU GULPS]
[GOKU SCREAMS IN PAIN]
Found the second one.
[TRUNKS BELLOWS AS HE POWERS UP]
Father... You re finally back...
How d it go in there?
[NARRATOR] And so...
with everyone preparing
in their own way...
the countdown to the
Cell Games continued...
Well this is boring...
Ten days was far
too generous of me.
I'm finally done.
There s not much time
before the tournament begins...
I hope that Goku has found
all of the Dragon Balls already.
Yeah! And that makes
the last of em!
[CROWD NOISE]
[CROWD CHANTS "HERCULE HERCULE"]
[HERCULE] Yeah...!!!
I love you, Hercule!
I hope you re ready
for some big-time pain, Cell,
cause mighty Hercule s gonna
bus you up-side the head!
[HERCULE WHOOPS IT UP]
[NARRATOR] Ten days passed
in the blink of an eye,
and now-- the Earth s day
of reckoning has arrived.
All right...
Let s do this thing.
You better be
careful today, Goku!
Just come back safe, okay?
Ok... Cross my heart.
Gohan s just watching
from the sidelines, right?
Yeah... bout that...
You promise me you re
not gonna let Gohan
fight in this tournament!
Uh...
[NERVOUS LAUGHTER]
Okay! See ya later!
Oh no... Goku wouldn t
promise me so...
That means he
It s my Dad.
[KRILLIN]
There you are!
I guess it s go-time.
Wait...? Where s Vegeta?
He didn t want to wait.
Oh man...
I figured he d be really
pumped up about today...
Bet he s gotten
even stronger, right?
Whoa, hey...!
What s wrong...?
Why the long faces...?
Are you really that nervous?
Goku... there s something you
need to know going into this.
So you how we, uh...
how we asked Dende
to set up the Dragon Balls
to bring a bunch of
people back with just one wish?
Yeah.
Well it turns out...
by doing that...
means it won t work for people
like us who ve already
been wished back before.
I m very sorry...
I should have
thought to mention
that right at the beginning.
Hey, don t beat yourself
up about it, Dende...
As long as we don t
get defeated, we ll be fine!
[KRILLIN] How do
we pull that off?!
[KRILLIN] This is Cell
we re talking about!
We ll be fine--
you ll see... Now come on...
It s almost time
for the tournament.
[KRILLIN CHUCKLES]
Hey check it out, Dad!
It s Tien and Yamcha!
We decided to tag along...
Not to fight, but we figured
we d lend some moral support.
Thanks... We ll take it.
Only one hour to go until
the tournament begins...!
My cameraman and I
are risking life and limb
to bring you this
exclusive footage of Cell
before the battle commences...!
He s not moving, folks...!
Not even an inch!
[NARRATOR] The stage
is set for the battle to
decide the fate of the Earth!
Will Cell emerge the victor?
Or will Goku s
confidence carry the day?
The showdown begins,
next time on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ CLOSING SONG ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me... Goku!
Okay, time to fight Cell--
[HERCULE]
Stand back, amateur!
This is a job for
Mr. Hercule! Oh yeah!
[GOKU] He ll mop up
the floor with you!
[YAMCHA] Yeah, even I would
last longer than this faker!
[GOKU] Next time on Dragon Ball
Kai, Hercule Takes the Stage!
[HERCULE] Let a real fighter
show you how it s done!
[HERCULE LAUGHS]